io.github.krysiel86.R$color
io.github.krysiel86.TestLog
io.github.krysiel86.R$attr
io.github.krysiel86.Krysiel
io.github.krysiel86.R
io.github.krysiel86.R$menu
io.github.krysiel86.R$style
io.github.krysiel86.R$id
io.github.krysiel86.R$layout
io.github.krysiel86.R$bool
io.github.krysiel86.R$string
io.github.krysiel86.R$styleable
io.github.krysiel86.R$dimen
io.github.krysiel86.R$drawable
io.github.krysiel86.R$mipmap
io.github.krysiel86.R$drawable: int ic_volume_off
io.github.krysiel86.R$id: int loader_progress
io.github.krysiel86.R$drawable: int drw_button_rounded_outlined
io.github.krysiel86.R$string: int reward
io.github.krysiel86.R$style: int Theme_Suezxandroidsdksource
io.github.krysiel86.R$layout: int lyt_countdown_circle_overlay
io.github.krysiel86.R$drawable: int drw_timer_circle
io.github.krysiel86.R$mipmap: int ic_launcher_round
io.github.krysiel86.R$string: int inventory_id_interstitial
io.github.krysiel86.R$drawable: int prebid_ic_close_interstitial
io.github.krysiel86.R$id: int surface
io.github.krysiel86.R$id: int view_progress_text
io.github.krysiel86.R$id: int lblCountdown
io.github.krysiel86.R$string: int webview
io.github.krysiel86.R$id: int web_view_banner
io.github.krysiel86.R$styleable: int[] BannerView
io.github.krysiel86.R$layout: int lyt_close
io.github.krysiel86.R$styleable: int BannerView_adHeight
io.github.krysiel86.R$color: int white
io.github.krysiel86.R$drawable: int ic_launcher_background
io.github.krysiel86.R$attr: int adHeight
io.github.krysiel86.R$id: int action_settings
io.github.krysiel86.R$drawable: int prebid_ic_back_active
io.github.krysiel86.R$mipmap: int ic_launcher
io.github.krysiel86.R$bool: int prebid_is_tablet
io.github.krysiel86.R$string: int action_settings
io.github.krysiel86.R$string: int aaa
io.github.krysiel86.R$id: int view_progress_bar
io.github.krysiel86.R$attr: int configId
io.github.krysiel86.R$drawable: int prebid_ic_forth_active
io.github.krysiel86.R$layout: int lyt_call_to_action
io.github.krysiel86.R$style: int FullScreenDialogTheme
io.github.krysiel86.R$string: int load
io.github.krysiel86.R$drawable: int ic_launcher_foreground
io.github.krysiel86.R$string: int app_name
io.github.krysiel86.R$dimen: int activity_horizontal_margin
io.github.krysiel86.R$id: int skip
io.github.krysiel86.R$id: int lytCountdown
io.github.krysiel86.R$id: int Progress
io.github.krysiel86.R$string: int inventory_id_banner_320x50
io.github.krysiel86.R$color: int black
io.github.krysiel86.R$drawable: int prebid_ic_close_browser
io.github.krysiel86.R$style: int AppBaseTheme
io.github.krysiel86.R$color: int purple_700
io.github.krysiel86.R$id: int iv_sound_interstitial
io.github.krysiel86.R$style: int AppTheme
io.github.krysiel86.R$drawable: int ic_volume_on
io.github.krysiel86.R$id: int player
io.github.krysiel86.R$styleable: int BannerView_refreshIntervalSec
io.github.krysiel86.R$id: int iv_close_interstitial
io.github.krysiel86.R$dimen: int banner_height
io.github.krysiel86.R$layout: int pubnative_player_count_down
io.github.krysiel86.R$id: int endImage
io.github.krysiel86.R$id: int rl_count_down
io.github.krysiel86.R$color: int purple_500
io.github.krysiel86.R$layout: int lyt_watch_again
io.github.krysiel86.R$menu: int menu_main
io.github.krysiel86.R$id: int count_down
io.github.krysiel86.R$id: int loader_text
io.github.krysiel86.R$dimen: int activity_vertical_margin
io.github.krysiel86.R$color: int teal_700
io.github.krysiel86.R$attr: int adWidth
io.github.krysiel86.R$drawable: int prebid_ic_back_inactive
io.github.krysiel86.R$color: int teal_200
io.github.krysiel86.R$id: int closeButton
io.github.krysiel86.R$attr: int refreshIntervalSec
io.github.krysiel86.R$layout: int lyt_sound
io.github.krysiel86.R$id: int mute
io.github.krysiel86.R$string: int publisher_id
io.github.krysiel86.R$id: int iv_skip
io.github.krysiel86.R$drawable: int prebid_ic_refresh
io.github.krysiel86.R$styleable: int BannerView_adWidth
io.github.krysiel86.R$drawable: int prebid_ic_media_next
io.github.krysiel86.R$id: int loader
io.github.krysiel86.R$id: int tv_learn_more
io.github.krysiel86.R$color: int purple_200
io.github.krysiel86.R$drawable: int prebid_ic_forth_inactive
io.github.krysiel86.R$id: int btn_watch_again
io.github.krysiel86.R$styleable: int BannerView_configId
io.github.krysiel86.R$layout: int pubnative_player
io.github.krysiel86.R$drawable: int prebid_ic_open_in_browser
io.github.krysiel86.R$layout: int lyt_skip
io.github.krysiel86.R$string: R$string()
io.github.krysiel86.R$menu: R$menu()
io.github.krysiel86.R$bool: R$bool()
io.github.krysiel86.R$mipmap: R$mipmap()
io.github.krysiel86.Krysiel: void krysielTest()
io.github.krysiel86.Krysiel: Krysiel()
io.github.krysiel86.R$id: R$id()
io.github.krysiel86.R$dimen: R$dimen()
io.github.krysiel86.TestLog: TestLog()
io.github.krysiel86.R$attr: R$attr()
io.github.krysiel86.R$styleable: R$styleable()
io.github.krysiel86.R: R()
io.github.krysiel86.R$style: R$style()
io.github.krysiel86.R$color: R$color()
io.github.krysiel86.R$layout: R$layout()
io.github.krysiel86.R$drawable: R$drawable()
